# An Answer From Requirements

This project is build on certain requirements. and this is a reason behind why i use sometimes different with the instruction

1. **Initialize the project**. You may use Kubebuilder to scaffold out the controller skeleton. Design the API as per requirement and standard practices. You can create any required kubernetes
resources via controller logic.

- i am initialize the project using operator SDK. i am more familiar with the command also its also base on kubebilder

2. **The controller** must be **written in Go**, yes of course

3. You can use any Kubernetes cluster for developing this controller, including local solutions. One possibility would be Kind

- i am always using orbstack for my local kubernetes or docker testing and development so i using orbstack

4. Add a proper makefile for the simplification of deployment and development.

- make file is autogenerated using operator sdk but i add 1 more to copy CRD from its autogenerated base on API types to the helm chart folder and edit the lables.

5. Ensure a Dockerfile for the controller

- also why i use the operator sdk is because even the dockerfile is created by operator sdk

6. Keep an examples directory

- yes i created for simple application which will use our default value (still in code), and more rich complex application yaml

7. Write the RBAC manifests which are required for the controller

- for now i still think the autogenerated form operator sdk is good enough. already check it. this is why i choose operator sdk. i dunno if kubebuilder also generate the rbac manifest.

8. Create a helm chart for the deployment of the controller (optional)

- created this with AI help and its more faster just need to check certain labels and revisit the values. not wok in this part that much.

9. Write documentation on how to use the controller in a README file.

- sure see README.md

10. Record the successful execution of the controller via Asciinema or any other tools that suits you. Include that in README

- Done

11. Make an opensource git repository of your project and provide us the link.

- DONE